2020-10-20
curator 馆长

the study of law
law degree , analitical, social goals , to chaes , how show law develop the futrue,
 instead what the law  is, should be forcue on what law could be and should be


human freee
in the early statge of change in hf in business, important to busines and demochracy in gov,  possible 1st time of economice benefits,
same time has human bennefit, 
resons IT are now resudce cost of cummunications, huge people to have enough info to make judegement themself, instead of influced by others opionions.



shaketspers poem

declamations 

top 10 things of shaksp  400 years ago, read language some as current wiring , understanding the lang not ,  . Sp  is a very great poems
write poem arity form an . Great theater oppoem, dramatic.
Interac with charactres  with the place.

GLoablit it

The most import 20centery merge of IT resolution globalisation,
fushion, fushion connnected, inter ,hhug deiff happened last decaed,
everyone live s in the fushion,plumbing of the world  of the in the last 10 years.


waht is money were no object 

what of sutuation would you like, build thsi coaction of stu , we got out of collecge waht to do, what ify ou do if money is not omoney,
eductionasion tells studentys want of, but some peole has diffent,.

let got waht you want oto do, when idnue tells waht you want , just do it forget money , the money if  import wast you teim , taht is you go on do things you dont want to doing.

instinct and reflex

instaicnt to descipt heavher  environemtn trigget unlearned,
, relation to colrlection 
meet need ,internal dirve , instst across speciesl, f
may sepicial reloye on instance . then  they all do ,
distinguish specifice instach differnet instance , leanr to survivy.
 relfix is simple, while instince completex,
 instinct sign

fast radio burst

is ver li sdfast radio waya outer spacef,  1000 km/s
really meysty , dont not where comes forom and how makes them ,
many  thoeryies,
2017 , 40 /30 theory, internthgs, telescope, f
find the burst, 10 year to ind 20 burst , 
tele find it very oquick ,every week.

music and mind

music and mind , inter pylosopy , concernt , the musein can degrate, nothings ha chnace tyehm and harmony , 
last few year  ,science start to resarhc on 
montrio stat a study , manifest , insttrument tal music, people often passing in the peaci cd and scean their brains when listen to music.


the history of laundary


20 centery sailyr  cloth bag , let the ship to dr for other f
fressh the clwat er out of the dirty ,
 can take 50 clane canb be teak, hande ranning , the proces of household ,luangu, in 1876, the ouve a board,  by using , f
 the 1927, the electr was mortra  1900

 place let the ship to drige, threw toe move dirty , elctiry  was hing tostage a log tamougn to labour ncan take =50, hand cary, ahnd rwrig and lifet igcane export woman to cirtan can take a enriy dasy as wel  1846, washing , over a wash board by lusgin a lever , this was sold fas lat as 1927, the fmost was 1900.


staggering 
rinse
wringing
caustic 
substances 
back-breaking 
motor rotated  
tub 

Talent war

there ,
compay to fhav advant , not com world is boss warsd,
countryi to countr y
 tlanete works, and coutry
 taltenet young pepoe  k f
 coutnry are abttle dto beat out,
 opsite is
 bright oung to fus and get integ,
 tallent is main , all sort of oranisation ,
  to hire the bightest , sopyh econonime
  talent is premium.


2020-10-25

e
